## Introduction
This is a small project with express.js and PUG as a frontend engine. The application should e lightweight and simple without too much complicatios. In "/home/vido/projects/OktaData" is the project and it is already done ut there are some errors that we encounter. The prolem is happening cause the original developer made the application to work natively on windows and I am not an expert in that so I cannot help and that is why we need to rewrite the application in node.js with express.js and PUG.
In the provided directory there are all of the files that are required, there is all of the keys and passwords and everythin necessary for you to build the application correctly, there are excel tables that are exported from the original dataase, but currently we do not have access to the database but we do have the tables in the excel files.

## Directory structure
We need to make the project architecture to be modularized and we need to make the code and files to be very profecional.
We should make the express.js app file to hold the connection to the database and then we should have the api endpoints and we should not clutter the app.ts file that we will create but for all of the apis we will create a handlers directory and we will create a file for each handler and there should be only one api handler on a file, we should not cluter multiple handlers on one file. There could be crud operations on one file if necessary but most of the time the users will only read the data from the database and the handlers will go and grab the data from the database based on the buttons the users click on the frotnend.

The frontend will use PUG and we should not use any fancy CSS if we do not have to, we can create our own small css for the project because it will be a small project and we do not need anything extraordenary, if you decide to use a css library, you can use Tailwind but it is not required as I explained we could go with simple css writen by us.

## Logic and design
The frontend should be also modularized in directories as intended, there will be probably 2 or at most 3 pages for the application, One will be for Loading and one for Unloading, these represent trucks that are measured on a weight, the loading part is for trucks that come to by fuel and unloading is for truck that unload fuel in the company. For each truck there is First measurement and a Second measurement, you will notice this from the excel tables, and we need to show most of the data to the users.

The design that I have in mind is that we can have two buttons at the top: Loading, Unloading respectively, next to the buttons there could be a 'search' bar that the users can use to search the driver name, truck licenceplate or weight number, then next to the search bar there should be a date filter that will let users to select from/to dates and the records from that filter will show in the table. 
So basically there will be one frontpage we will not need multiple pages for this, but only one page with changing parts. So the loading and unloading are giving diferent data to the users the trucks are diferent so the Loading/Unloading buttons will get the data from the database and then the filters(search bar, date filter) will search the data that the users get, depending if they clicked on Loading or Unloading.
There also should be a gear icon on the top right corner that when clicked we will display options to the users, currently there will be one option and when the users click on it a modal with all of the table names with checkboxes next to the names, these checkboxex will serve for the users to check/uncheck meaning that they want those fields to display on the screen, the memory for this should be remembered in the browsers localstorage.
=========================================================
This project should not be complicated and we should not complicate it unnecesarely, we should use minimal dependencies for this, after we finish this, the project will be installed on a server where th project will have direct link to the database because currently on this machine the database cannot be accessed and we will be working blind.